New entries in UI and UX -- fixing PR (#4)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/ui-design/ui-design.md

UI design considerations include:

- **Layout**: Where do elements appear on the screen?
- **Colors**: What palette is used and what emotions do those colors evoke?
- **Typography**: What typefaces are used and what do they communicate?
- **Interaction design**: How do elements respond to user interaction?
- **Brand identity**: How do all of the visual elements come together to represent the brand's vision?
- **Responsiveness and usability**: Is the interface easy to use across different devices?
- **[Accessibility](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/accessibility) and [inclusivity](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/inclusive-design)**: Does the interface work for everyone?
- **[Front-end](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/front-end) development**: What is the technical backbone powering the interface?

![Examples of user interfaces on differently sized screens: smartphones, laptops, a large monitor, and a smart watch.](https://static-assets.codecademy.com/Courses/intro-to-ui-and-ux/what-are-ui-ux-design/devices.png)

> UI designers are focused on the design ofuser interfaces, or what will appear on the screen through which a user interacts with a device. This role is most responsible for the [visceral](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/norman-s-three-levels-of-design) experience of the product, ensuring it sets its best foot forward and makes a good impression on users. UI designers are usually most involved later in the product development process, with creating the "surface" of the product as described by the [Five Elements of UX Design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/five-elements-of-ux-design).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UI designers are focused on the design of user interfaces, or what will appear on a device's screen through which a user interacts. This role is most responsible for the [visceral](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/norman-s-three-levels-of-design) experience of the product, ensuring it sets its best foot forward and makes a good impression on users. UI designers are usually most involved later in the product development process, with creating the "surface" of the product as described by the [Five Elements of UX Design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/five-elements-of-ux-design).
```

> UI designers are focused on the design of [user interfaces](DOCS LINK), or what will appear on the screen through which a user interacts with a device. This role is most responsible for the [visceral](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/norman-s-three-levels-of-design) experience of the product, ensuring it sets its best foot forward and makes a good impression on users. UI designers are usually most involved later in the product development process, with creating the "surface" of the product as described by the [5 Elements of UX Design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/five-elements-of-ux-design).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
UI designers are focused on the design of [user interfaces](DOCS LINK), or what will appear on the screen through which a user interacts with a device. This role is most responsible for the [visceral](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/norman-s-three-levels-of-design) experience of the product, ensuring it sets its best foot forward and makes a good impression on users. UI designers are usually most involved later in the product development process, with creating the "surface" of the product as described by the [Five Elements of UX Design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/five-elements-of-ux-design).
```

Reviewer 2: > UI designers are focused on the design of [user interfaces](DOCS LINK), ... 

Do we have a link for this part? If not, we should remove the link syntax for now.

Reviewer 3: Removed.

![The Five Elements of UX Design, from concrete to abstract: Surface, Skeleton, Structure, Scope, and Strategy, with UX design encompassing the entire process, and UI design focused on the Surface.](https://static-assets.codecademy.com/Courses/intro-to-ui-and-ux/key-methodologies/five-elements-of-ux-design.svg)

A day in the life of a UI designer may include:

- Creating [high-fidelity](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/high-fidelity) digital prototypes of a design.
- Deciding on a color palette for a mobile app.
- Creating a visual style guide for a new sub-brand.
- Checking the [accessibility](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/accessibility) of a design.
- Communicating with developers about technical design requirements.

> Both user interface (UI) design and [user experience (UX) design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/ux-design) are centered on users and ensure that the products and systems are meeting real needs and are as intuitive and pleasant as possible to use.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Both user interface (UI) design and [user experience (UX) design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/ux-design) are centered on users and involve ensuring that products and systems are meeting real needs. They're also focused on making those products and systems as intuitive and pleasant to use as possible.
```

> Both user interface (UI) design and [user experience (UX) design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/ux-design) are centered on users and ensure that the products and systems are meeting real needs and are as intuitive and pleasant as possible to use.

Reviewer: Can we break this down into 2 sentences?

Reviewer: I've also directly requested certain changes to break up some of these sentences. Ty!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Both user interface (UI) design and [user experience (UX) design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/ux-design) are centered on users and involve ensuring that products and systems are meeting real needs. They're also focused on making those products and systems as intuitive and pleasant to use as possible.
```
